{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-invitation.html">CARA - Application Invitation</a> <p>An invitation allowed a user to access to an application.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-application-invitation-application.html">CARA - Application Invitation - Application</a> <p>The target of the invitation.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-application-invitation-firstName.html">CARA - Application Invitation - First name</a> <p>The MPI-ID of the patient who invited.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-application-invitation-lastName.html">CARA - Application Invitation - Last name</a> <p>The lastname of the patient who invited.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-application-invitation-mpiIdUrn.html">CARA - Application Invitation - MPI-ID</a> <p>The MPI-ID of the patient who invited.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-healthcare-professional-profile.html">CARA - Healthcare Professional Profile</a> <p>The user profile of an Healthcare Professional in the CARA Platform.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-local-profile.html">CARA - Local Profile</a> <p>The user profile of a local user in the CARA Platform.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-patient-profile.html">CARA - Patient Profile</a> <p>The user profile of a Patient in the CARA Platform.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careplan.html">SCP - Care Plan</a> <p>The Care Plan of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careteam.html">SCP - Care Team</a> <p>The Care Team of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careteam-participant-comment.html">SCP - Care Team - Comment</a> <p>Human readable comment of a participant.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careteam-participant-iscoordinator.html">SCP - Care Team - Coordinator</a> <p>Flag to identify coordinators of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careteam-participant-ismanager.html">SCP - Care Team - Manager</a> <p>Flag to identify managers of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contact.html">SCP - Contact</a> <p>A contact person of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contact-comment.html">SCP - Contact - Comment</a> <p>Additional information about the contact person.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contact-emergency.html">SCP - Contact - Emergency</a> <p>Flag to identify emergency contacts of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contact-relationship.html">SCP - Contact - Relationship</a> <p>The kind of relationship to the patient.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contextualdata.html">SCP - Contextual Data</a> <p>The Contextual Data resource is used to capture the contextual information of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contextualdata-ismanager.html">SCP - Care Team - Manager</a> <p>Flag to identify managers of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-external-observation.html">SCP - External Observaton</a> <p>The Observaton of a Shared Care Plan coming from third parties.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-goal.html">SCP - Goal</a> <p>The Goal of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-goal-target-status.html">SCP - Goal - Target Status</a> <p>Flag to identify the statis of a target.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-observation.html">SCP - Observaton</a> <p>The Observaton of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-teammember-practitioner.html">SCP - Team Member - Practitioner</a> <p>The Team Member of a Shared Care Plan with the profile Healthcare Professional.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-teammember-relatedperson.html">SCP - Team Member - Related Person</a> <p>The Team Member of a Shared Care Plan with the profile Caregiver.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}