{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-historical-data.json.html">Historical Data</a> <p>Used to describe the historical background of a patient affiliated to CARA</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-showNote.json.html">Show note in SCP monitoring screen</a> <p>Notes are by default not shown in the SCP monitoring screen. However a member of the SCP interprofessional team can choose to disclose it to the rest of the team.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-condition.json.html">Condition</a> <p>A condition is used too describe the clinical status and diagnosis made to a patient.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-care-team.json.html">Care Team</a> <p>The care team is comprised of the patient, his legal representatives, healthcare professionals contributing to his shared care plan and externals.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-careplan.json.html">Care Plan</a> <p>A Care Plan tailored to the needs of CARA with advanced directives</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-anticipate-directives-location.json.html">Advance Directives Location</a> <p>This field is used to indicate where the advance directives are if they exist and are not located in the EHR.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-attention-point.json.html">Attention Point</a> <p>Attention Point on the observation</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-social-data.json.html">Social Data</a> <p>Used to describe the social background of a patient affiliated to CARA</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-organization.json.html">Organization</a> <p>This profile is used to add organizations to a care team.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-patient-priorities.json.html">Patient Priorities</a> <p>Used to describe the priorities of a patient with regard to his SCP</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-anticipate-directives-ehr.json.html">Advance Directives in EHR</a> <p>The anticipate directives are in the EHR of the patient. This field is present and is a boolean</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-allergy-intolerance.json.html">AllergyIntolerance</a> <p>This profile is used to track the allergies and intolerances of a patient based on a given value set.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-goal.json.html">Goal</a> <p>The purpose of a Goal is to track a topic around the Shared Care Plan with its associated list of goals.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-patient.json.html">Patient</a> <p>This profile extension is used to ensure the fields of the master patient index are properly used throughout the implementation.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-related-person.json.html">Related Person</a> <p>This profile is used to add externals to a care team.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-country-of-birth.json.html">Country of Birth</a> <p>This field is used to render the country of birth of the patient</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-anticipate-directives-exist.json.html">Existence of Advance Directives</a> <p>This field is used to indicate whether a patient has advanced directives</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-Observation.json.html">Observation</a> <p>An observation is used to track the status of the patient on a given goal.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}