{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-invitation.html">CARA - Application Invitation</a> </td><td><p>An invitation allowed a user to access to an application.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-healthcare-professional-profile.html">CARA - Healthcare Professional Profile</a> </td><td><p>The user profile of an Healthcare Professional in the CARA Platform.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-local-profile.html">CARA - Local Profile</a> </td><td><p>The user profile of a local user in the CARA Platform.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cara-patient-profile.html">CARA - Patient Profile</a> </td><td><p>The user profile of a Patient in the CARA Platform.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careplan.html">SCP - Care Plan</a> </td><td><p>The Care Plan of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-careteam.html">SCP - Care Team</a> </td><td><p>The Care Team of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contact.html">SCP - Contact</a> </td><td><p>A contact person of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-contextualdata.html">SCP - Contextual Data</a> </td><td><p>The Contextual Data resource is used to capture the contextual information of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-external-observation.html">SCP - External Observaton</a> </td><td><p>The Observaton of a Shared Care Plan coming from third parties.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-goal.html">SCP - Goal</a> </td><td><p>The Goal of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-observation.html">SCP - Observaton</a> </td><td><p>The Observaton of a Shared Care Plan.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-teammember-practitioner.html">SCP - Team Member - Practitioner</a> </td><td><p>The Team Member of a Shared Care Plan with the profile Healthcare Professional.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-scp-teammember-relatedperson.html">SCP - Team Member - Related Person</a> </td><td><p>The Team Member of a Shared Care Plan with the profile Caregiver.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
{% endraw %}